we show our support for the
revolutionary solution within veganism
if something doesn't work we seem to
keep doing it again and again and if
anything we try to repeat the same
tactic with more lies
about how many people attend how
successful it is how great the impacts
are and with ever more radical rhetoric
so nation rising started out by
promising that what they were doing was
quote not a protest but a revolution
close quote
and they're back again this year and
mysteriously their promises of
revolution have not been fulfilled and
what they say is quote unquote not a
protest looks more like a pathetic
protest than ever and you know last year
they lied about how many people attended
their events I'll be interested to see
if they lie again and claim that many
hundreds of people or many thousands of
people participated in this event I
pointed out last year that when you
actually got a crowd shot showing
everyone at the event or most of the
people at the event in one one frame of
an image maybe there were thirty people
there maybe there were fifty people
there but frankly the numbers looked
very very small indeed and you know it's
not all about the numbers it's also
about the quality of what these people
are doing with their time Canada is a
geographically enormous country Toronto
is probably the closest major city to
Ottawa but the trip from Toronto to
Ottawa is at least four hours by car if
you take a bus course it'll it'll be
more it really is a huge amount of time
and money it's not cheap to stay in a
hotel in Ottawa to get from Toronto to
Ottawa stay in a hotel there I was
living in Victoria Victoria BC it is an
unbelievable
spanning trip to get from Victoria to
Ottawa to take a lot of commitment a lot
of personal sacrifices to go I would
have gone if they'd have been nice to me
if they'd have been decent to me these
people vote of course they were of
course there were [ __ ] to me like
most vegan activists are they think
they're leaders of a revolution they
have a really high opinion of their
importance and of course there they
would never reduce something like appear
on my channel you know do an interview
and talk about what they're doing in
their movement that would have been a
really successful way for them promote
themselves and maybe have more than 30
people attend their event come and talk
about vegan politics and what they're
trying to accomplish and even if you
know even if there was some mutual
criticism or examination or discussion
of effective activism if they'd appeared
on my channel that way some people would
have watched the video on my channel and
said hey you know what I like I like
their approach I'm gonna give these guys
a chance and some people would have
spent a lot of money to get to Ottawa
and stay in a hotel there just so they
could be in this small crowd of people
walking down the street with flags and I
guess velvet with results and so they
can be in this small crowd of people
listening to this woman give a speech I
mean this this is just preaching to the
converted I don't know how anyone can
feel they're making a positive
difference in making the world a better
place
by showing up and standing in a crowd of
vegans a crowd of like 30 vegans is it
is it is it even 50 vegans but standing
in a small crowd of vegans and listening
to someone say things that you already
agree with so you can just pat yourself
on the back and feel like you're doing
really radical really revolutionary I
said earlier the Canada is an enormous
country in terms of its size but it is
mostly empty in terms of population and
it is mostly empty
terms of talent so mean this woman who's
on the microphone here
does she have more viewers on YouTube
than I do does she have more depth or
more connections in terms of reaching an
audience of people who are seriously
interested in vegan activism than I do
no she doesn't it would have been a
really good idea for her or any of the
organizers at nation rising to respond
positively to my attempts to get an
interview it would have been a really
good idea for them to at least let me
participate in their movement if not
positively involve me but that is
exactly what was impossible him to do
because it seems to me they are
stereotypical left-wing Canadian fake
radicals and it really hurts me it
really disappoints me to see the extent
to which veganism is becoming and
remaining a fake radical movement you
know there's no time to play dress-up
revolutionary when there's a real
revolution going on and you know the
vast majority of attempts to pursue
social political cultural and economic
change are in no way revolutionary so I
ask you why pretend I want to be part of
a real political movement not a fake
revolution
[Music]